MESH-1587: move Alcyone & general genesis identity balances to the bridge (#966)
PolymathNetwork/Polymesh: README.md

<https://polymath.network/polymesh-whitepaper>

> # Polymesh Public Testnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Polymesh Public Testnets
```

We provide linux binaries for each testnet release.

The latest release for the Polymesh Public Testnet can be found at:

<https://github.com/PolymathNetwork/Polymesh/releases>

> Specifying no chain at the command line defaults to the Polymesh Public Testnet (e.g. `--chain testnet`), so to run a node which connects to the Public Testnet, you can start your node with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifying no chain at the command line defaults to the Polymesh Incentivized Testnet (e.g. `--chain itn`), so to run a node which connects to the Polymesh Incentivized Testnet (ITN), you can start your node with:
```

Author: Do you also want to change the defaulting behaviour as you described perhaps? At the moment it defaults to neither testnet nor ITN but `dev` instead.
